README.md, before:

# DigitalOcean MCP VS Code Extension

[![CI](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Release](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![VS Code Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-1.102.0+-blue.svg)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A VS Code extension that integrates with the DigitalOcean Model Context Protocol (MCP) server, enabling seamless interaction with DigitalOcean services directly from your code editor.

## Features

- **MCP Server Integration**: Connect to DigitalOcean's MCP server to access cloud resources and services
- **Automatic Connection**: Configurable auto-connection to MCP server on startup
- **Secure Credential Management**: Secure storage of DigitalOcean API credentials using VS Code's SecretStorage API
- **Command Palette Integration**: Access all MCP functions through VS Code's command palette

## Requirements

- VS Code version 1.102.0 or higher
- DigitalOcean API token
- Node.js and npm (for running the MCP server)

## Installation

1. Install the extension from the VS Code marketplace
2. Set your DigitalOcean API token using the "Set DigitalOcean API Token" command
3. The extension will automatically connect to the MCP server

## Extension Commands

This extension contributes the following commands:

* `DigitalOcean MCP: Set DigitalOcean API Token`: Securely store your DigitalOcean API token
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Clear DigitalOcean API Token`: Remove stored API token from secure storage
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Connect to DigitalOcean MCP Server`: Manually connect to the MCP server
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Disconnect from MCP Server`: Disconnect from the MCP server
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Refresh MCP Servers`: Refresh the list of available MCP servers

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `digitalocean-mcp.serverCommand`: Command to run the DigitalOcean MCP server (default: `npx`)
* `digitalocean-mcp.serverArgs`: Arguments for the MCP server command (default: `["@digitalocean/mcp"]`)
* `digitalocean-mcp.autoConnect`: Automatically connect to MCP server on startup (default: `true`)

## Setup

1. **Get a DigitalOcean API Token**:
   - Go to [DigitalOcean API Tokens](https://cloud.digitalocean.com/account/api/tokens)
   - Create a new Personal Access Token
   - Copy the token

2. **Configure the Extension**:
   - Open VS Code
   - Open the Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P`)
   - Run the command "DigitalOcean MCP: Set DigitalOcean API Token"
   - Paste your API token when prompted

   The extension will automatically download and run the DigitalOcean MCP server using `npx @digitalocean/mcp` when needed.

## Security

This extension was developed with security best practices:
- API tokens are stored using VS Code's encrypted SecretStorage
- No secrets are stored in settings or written to disk
- Token input is masked in the UI
- No telemetry or data collection is included

Please review the source code if in doubt, and feel free to report any security concerns via GitHub issues.

## Known Issues

No known issues at this time. Please report any bugs or feature requests via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/issues).

## Releases

See [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) or the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/releases) page for version history.

Initial release of DigitalOcean MCP VS Code Extension featuring:
- Secure API token management with VS Code SecretStorage
- MCP server integration for DigitalOcean services
- Command palette integration
- Auto-connection capabilities

## Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (≥ 18.x)
- VS Code (≥ 1.102.0)
- Git

### Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode.git
cd digitalocean-mcp-vscode
npm install
```

### Building
```bash
npm run compile        # Build the extension
npm run watch         # Watch mode for development
npm run package       # Package for production
npm run build         # Build extension and create VSIX package
```

### Testing
```bash
npm test              # Run all tests
npm run lint          # Run linting
npm run check-types   # Type checking
```

### Debugging
1. Open the project in VS Code
2. Press `F5` to launch the Extension Development Host
3. Test your changes in the new VS Code window

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Disclaimer

This extension is an independent project and is **not affiliated with or endorsed by DigitalOcean**.

Use at your own risk. The author assumes **no responsibility for loss of data, account issues, infrastructure misconfigurations, or any other damages** resulting from the use of this extension.

Always review source code and understand what the extension does before using it in production environments.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) for providing the MCP server
- [DigitalOcean MCP Server](https://github.com/digitalocean/digitalocean-mcp) - The official DigitalOcean Model Context Protocol implementation
- [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) for the protocol specification
- VS Code team for the excellent extension API

---

**Enjoy using DigitalOcean MCP Extension!**

Commit message:

feat: Complete namespace refactoring and marketplace preparation
BREAKING CHANGES:
- Changed package name from 'digitalocean-mcp' to 'tripox-digitalocean-mcp'
- Updated all command IDs to use 'tripox.digitaloceanMCP.*' namespace
- Replaced configuration keys from 'digitalocean-mcp.*' to 'tripox.digitaloceanMCP.*'
- Updated secret storage keys for API token management

Features:
- Added '(Unofficial)' branding throughout to avoid trademark issues
- Updated display name to 'MCP Tools for DigitalOcean (Unofficial)'
- Improved gallery banner with professional gray theme (#333333)
- Enhanced command titles for better clarity
- Fixed syntax error in refresh command implementation

Technical:
- All TypeScript compilation errors resolved
- ESLint validation passing
- Complete test suite updated and validated
- VSIX packaging working correctly
- Ready for VS Code Marketplace publication

Migration Guide:
- Users will need to reconfigure their settings after update
- API tokens will need to be re-entered due to new secret storage keys
- Command palette entries will show new 'tripox.digitaloceanMCP.*' format

README.md, after:

# DigitalOcean MCP VS Code Extension (Unofficial)

[![CI](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Release](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![VS Code Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-1.102.0+-blue.svg)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

An **unofficial** VS Code extension that integrates with the DigitalOcean Model Context Protocol (MCP) server, enabling seamless interaction with DigitalOcean services directly from your code editor.

> **⚠️ Disclaimer**: This is an unofficial community extension and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by DigitalOcean, LLC. DigitalOcean is a trademark of DigitalOcean, LLC.

## Features

- **MCP Server Integration**: Connect to DigitalOcean's MCP server to access cloud resources and services
- **Automatic Connection**: Configurable auto-connection to MCP server on startup
- **Secure Credential Management**: Secure storage of DigitalOcean API credentials using VS Code's SecretStorage API
- **Command Palette Integration**: Access all MCP functions through VS Code's command palette

## Requirements

- VS Code version 1.102.0 or higher
- DigitalOcean API token
- Node.js and npm (for running the MCP server)

## Installation

1. Install the extension from the VS Code marketplace
2. Set your DigitalOcean API token using the "Set DigitalOcean API Token" command
3. The extension will automatically connect to the MCP server

## Extension Commands

This extension contributes the following commands:

* `DigitalOcean MCP: Set DigitalOcean API Token`: Securely store your DigitalOcean API token
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Clear DigitalOcean API Token`: Remove stored API token from secure storage
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Connect to DigitalOcean MCP Server`: Manually connect to the MCP server
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Disconnect from MCP Server`: Disconnect from the MCP server
* `DigitalOcean MCP: Refresh MCP Servers`: Refresh the list of available MCP servers

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `digitalocean-mcp.serverCommand`: Command to run the DigitalOcean MCP server (default: `npx`)
* `digitalocean-mcp.serverArgs`: Arguments for the MCP server command (default: `["@digitalocean/mcp"]`)
* `digitalocean-mcp.autoConnect`: Automatically connect to MCP server on startup (default: `true`)

## Setup

1. **Get a DigitalOcean API Token**:
   - Go to [DigitalOcean API Tokens](https://cloud.digitalocean.com/account/api/tokens)
   - Create a new Personal Access Token
   - Copy the token

2. **Configure the Extension**:
   - Open VS Code
   - Open the Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P`)
   - Run the command "DigitalOcean MCP: Set DigitalOcean API Token"
   - Paste your API token when prompted

   The extension will automatically download and run the DigitalOcean MCP server using `npx @digitalocean/mcp` when needed.

## Security

This extension was developed with security best practices:
- API tokens are stored using VS Code's encrypted SecretStorage
- No secrets are stored in settings or written to disk
- Token input is masked in the UI
- No telemetry or data collection is included

Please review the source code if in doubt, and feel free to report any security concerns via GitHub issues.

## Known Issues

No known issues at this time. Please report any bugs or feature requests via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/issues).

## Releases

See [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) or the [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode/releases) page for version history.

Initial release of DigitalOcean MCP VS Code Extension featuring:
- Secure API token management with VS Code SecretStorage
- MCP server integration for DigitalOcean services
- Command palette integration
- Auto-connection capabilities

## Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (≥ 18.x)
- VS Code (≥ 1.102.0)
- Git

### Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tripox/digitalocean-mcp-vscode.git
cd digitalocean-mcp-vscode
npm install
```

### Building
```bash
npm run compile        # Build the extension
npm run watch         # Watch mode for development
npm run package       # Package for production
npm run build         # Build extension and create VSIX package
```

### Testing
```bash
npm test              # Run all tests
npm run lint          # Run linting
npm run check-types   # Type checking
```

### Debugging
1. Open the project in VS Code
2. Press `F5` to launch the Extension Development Host
3. Test your changes in the new VS Code window

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Disclaimer

This extension is an independent project and is **not affiliated with or endorsed by DigitalOcean**.

Use at your own risk. The author assumes **no responsibility for loss of data, account issues, infrastructure misconfigurations, or any other damages** resulting from the use of this extension.

Always review source code and understand what the extension does before using it in production environments.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) for providing the MCP server
- [DigitalOcean MCP Server](https://github.com/digitalocean/digitalocean-mcp) - The official DigitalOcean Model Context Protocol implementation
- [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) for the protocol specification
- VS Code team for the excellent extension API

---

**Enjoy using DigitalOcean MCP Extension!**
